feat: improve checkbox/radio documentation (#5658)
BrightspaceUI/core: components/inputs/docs/styling-native-inputs.md

> # Styling Native Inputs

Author: I'm de-emphasizing the styling of native inputs stuff by moving it into its own file. I don't think I'm going to surface this on the Daylight Site, since I think we want to encourage folks to use the web components now for the reasons outlined here. I'll move the other similar documentation (e.g. text inputs) in here as I get to them.

> In the majority of cases, it's recommended to use our web component wrappers around native inputs like text, textarea, checkboxes and radios. They'll provide functionality like inline help, skeletons, form participation and localized validation out-of-the-box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the majority of cases, it's recommended to use our web component wrappers around native inputs like text, textarea, checkboxes and radios. They'll provide functionality like inline help, skeletons, form participation, and localized validation out-of-the-box.
```

> In the rare circumstances where it's preferred to use a native HTML input instead, it is possible to apply styles such that they appear similar to our web component variants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the rare circumstance where a native HTML input is preferred, it is possible to apply styles such that they appear similar to our web component variants.
```

<!-- docs: demo code display:block -->
```html
<script type="module">
  import { html, LitElement } from 'lit';
  import { checkboxStyles } from '@brightspace-ui/core/components/inputs/input-checkbox.js';

  class MyCheckboxElem extends LitElement {

    static get styles() {
      return checkboxStyles;
    }

    render() {
      return html`<input type="checkbox" class="d2l-input-checkbox">`;
    }

  }
  customElements.define('d2l-my-checkbox-elem', MyCheckboxElem);
</script>
<d2l-my-checkbox-elem></d2l-my-checkbox-elem>
```

## Radio Inputs

### With Labels

The simplest way to apply radio styles is to use the `d2l-input-radio-label` CSS class on a `<label>` element that wraps the input.

For disabled items, add the `d2l-input-radio-label-disabled` class on the label and the `disabled` attribute on the input itself.

<!-- docs: demo code display:block -->
```html
<script type="module">
  import { html, LitElement } from 'lit';
  import { radioStyles } from '@brightspace-ui/core/components/inputs/input-radio-styles.js';

  class MyRadioElem extends LitElement {

    static get styles() {
      return radioStyles;

>     }

Reviewer: Is it more likely/useful to pretend they also have their own styles here?

Reviewer: Eh, I guess we don't really do `...` pseudo code stuff in these and we don't need to overcomplicate it with real styles.

```

### Individual Radio Inputs

If you'd like to manually link the radio input with a label, or use an ARIA label, place the `d2l-radio-input` CSS class on the input itself to style it. For example:

<!-- docs: demo code properties name:d2l-test-input-radio-solo display:block -->
```html
<script type="module">
  import { html, LitElement } from 'lit';
  import { radioStyles } from '@brightspace-ui/core/components/inputs/input-radio-styles.js';

  class MyRadioElem extends LitElement {

    static get properties() {
      return {
        checked: { type: Boolean },
        disabled: { type: Boolean },
        invalid: { type: Boolean }
      };
    }

    static get styles() {
      return radioStyles;
    }

    render() {
      const invalid = this.invalid ? 'true' : 'false';
      return html`
        <input
          aria-invalid="${invalid}"
          aria-label="Option 1"
          ?checked="${this.checked}"
          class="d2l-input-radio"
          ?disabled="${this.disabled}"
          type="radio">
      `;
    }

  }
  customElements.define('d2l-test-input-radio-solo', MyRadioElem);
</script>
<d2l-test-input-radio-solo></d2l-test-input-radio-solo>
```

> ### Radio Spacer [d2l-input-radio-spacer]

Author: I want to delete this component as it's now redundant with `<d2l-input-radio>`'s `supporting` slot.
